MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS

29 March 2019

Ms. Deepika Gupta
Standard Chartered Bank
3rd Floor, DLF Building
No. 7A, Sector 24, 25 & 25A,

DLF Cyber City. Gurgaon India 122002

Dear Ms. Deepika:

We refer to the following bank accounts that are currently maintained with your bank and request for the following
changes:

ENTITY NAME
ACCOUNT NO
CURRENCY
Motorola Solutions India Pvt Ltd
52205176806
INR
 	52205915783
USD
 	52205176840
INR
 	52205177200
INR
Motorola Solutions Inc
52206033598
INR
Delete the following signatory with immediate effect
Daniel G Pekofske Akash Raj Kong Hon Keong

Add the following signatory with immediate effect

Uygar Gazioglu Lim Sin Peak

Please refer to Appendix 1 for the list of authorized signers and their respective limits for the following activities:

• Instruct or request for all banking and treasury related services

• Execute documentations (including specific forms the bank may require) pertaining to opening of bank
account, its operating services as well as to effect the appointment of signatories and their applicable
limits as set out by this letter.

• Update NON-PAYMENT related activities as defined in paragraph (A) below.

Any two of the authorized signers in Appendix 2 may jointly act on ONLY the following :

(A) NON-PAYMENT related activities :

• Request for Audit Confirmation

• Request for Refund of incoming payments from customers

• Request for Cancellation of payment instruction previously sent to bank for processing

• Issue Confirmation of Time Deposits, Money Market Funds, Notice Accounts, Repos, Treasury
Bills/Govemment Securities, Certificate of Deposits and other investment instruments

• Execute documents relating to in-country regulatory or banking compliance for transactions like
dividend, capital reduction, FX settlement, netting settlement, FIRC related request for non-INR
collections, A1,A2 form prescribed by RBI for non-INR payments, etc, which may also come in the form
of a declaration.

(B) PAYMENT related to ONLY TAX services fplease refer to Appendix 2 for authorized limit)

The signatories listed in Appendix 1 and 2 are the complete list of signatories and supersede all previous lists for
manual authorization on papers.

In addition, for electronic banking approval, please refer to Appendix 3 for the list of approved authorizers who
may jointly approve payments.

Please be advised that the authorization does not include the delegation to sign on applications for Standby
Letters of Credit Bank Guarantees (including Advance Payment/ Performance/ Bid bonds etc) and Commercial
Letters of Credit.

Thank you for your assistance with this request.

Sincerely,

Uygar Gazipglu
Vice RreajPent prtd Treasurer
Motorola^olutions, Inc.

MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS

29 March 2019

Standard Chartered Bank
3"1 Floor, DLF Building
No. 7A, Sector 24, 25 & 25A,
DLF Cyber City,

Gurgaon -122002
India

Attn : Ms Deepika Gupta

Dear Ms Deepika,

Certification of Motorola Solutions. Inc Officers and their Titles

The undersigned certify as follows:

1. Gregory Q. Brown is the duly qualified Chief Executive Officer of Motorola Solutions,

Inc.

2. Gino A Bonanotte is the duly qualified Chief Financial Officer of Motorola Solutions,

Inc.

3. Uygar Gazioglu is the duly qualified Treasurer of Motorola Solutions, Inc.

The new Assistant Treasurer and Director of Global Cash Management have yet to be
appointed. We will notify you in due course.

Thank you

Yours Sincerely,

Subodh Vardhan

Director

DIN: 03274983

Wong Wai Kit
International Treasurer

MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS

Q MOTOROLA

CERTIFIED TRUECOPY

CERTIFIED TRUE COPY OF THE RESOLUTION PASSED BY THE BOARD OF

DIRECTORS OF MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED HELP ON

THURSDAY. JULY 09. 2015 AT THE REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE COMPANY

LOCATED AT 415/2 MEHRAULI GPRGAON ROAD. SECTOR 14. GURGAOK-

122001 THROUGH VIDEO CONFERENCE.

1. BANKING

The Board was informed that from time to time it becomes necessary for the Company
to open accounts with various banking and financial institutions, and in order to
facilitate such action the Board considered the matter and unanimously RESOLVED
THAT:

i) all directors’ resolutions in respect of the authority to deal with banking and
borrowing matters of the Company passed prior to the date of these resolutions
be rescinded with immediate effect;

ii) the Treasurer (the “Banking Officer”), the Assistant Treasurer and Director of
Global Cash Management (the “Administrative Banking Officers”), all of Motorola
Solutions, Inc., the Company’s ultimate holding company, be, and each of them
is authorized to (i) open and close accounts with any banldng institution or
similar depository of funds in the name of the Company or any branch or
representative office of the Company, (ii) designate the signatories and other
operating rules for such accounts and notify the bank or other depository of such
signatories and operating rules, and (iii) sign any necessary agreements or other
documents with said banks or other depositories to implement this resolution.

iii) further, that the Banking Officer be empowered, individually, to sign checks,
drafts or other orders for the payment of money (any such checks, drafts or
orders being hereinafter referred to as an “Item" or “Items”) and that the Banking
Officer and the Administrative Banking Officers are empowered to authorize
various employees of the Company to jointly sign Items drawn in the name of the
Company upon any and all accounts of the Company.

iv) the Banking Officer and the Administrative Banking Officers be empowered,
individually, to designate in writing at any time and from time to time officers
(including themselves), agents and employees of the Company each of whom, on
behalf of the Company, is authorized to issue written, telephonic, electronic or
oral instructions with respect to the transfer of funds of the Company on deposit
with any such institution (or otherwise transferable by the institution) by wire,
automated clearinghouse or other electronic means of transfer, without any
written order for the payment of money being issued with respect to such
transfer.

Motorola Solutions India Pvt. Ltd.

Regd Office: Motorola Excellence Center, 415/2, Mehrauli Gurgaon Road, Sei
Ph: +91-124 -419 2000 Fax: +91 -124 -230 4766 /GP

CIN: U32109HR19B9PTC034131
www.motorolasolutlon6.com

o

122 001 Haryana, INDIA

MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS

Q

MOTOROLA

v) the Banking Officer and the Administrative Banlong Officersuare hereby
authorized, individually, on behalf of the Company to enter into such agreements
or any documents with any banking or financial institution with respect to any
services (including, without limitation, electronic services) as such Banking
Officer and Administrative Banking Officers in their sole discretion deem
advisable or in the interest of the Company,

vi) each such institution be and it is hereby requested, authorized and directed to
honor Items drawn in the name of the Company and signed, manually or by
facsimile signature (a specimen of each of which shall be filed with each such
institution), by any of the Banking Officer, the Administrative Banking Officers or
any other officer or employee of the Company from time to time designated in
writing to the institution by any one of the Banking Officer or the Administrative
Banking Officers and until such designation is withdrawn, and each such
institution shall be entitled to honor and to charge the Company for all such
Items, regardless of by whom or by what means the actual or purported facsimile
signature or signatures thereon may have been affixed thereto, provided,
however, that with respect to any Item signed by facsimile signature, such Item
shall be honored and charged to the Company only if the facsimile signature
resembles the specimen thereof filed with such institution and provided that the
institution has exercised ordinary care in the payment of such Item.

vii) each such institution be and it is hereby requested, authorized and directed to
honor any written, oral, telephonic, or electronic instruction for the transfer of
funds of the Company by wire or other electronic means initiated by any of the
Banking Officer, the Administrative Banking Officers or a person or persons
designated in writing by any of the Banking Officer or the Administrative Banking
Officers or made by the institution in accordance with the procedure provided by
any agreement for wire or other electronic means of transfer of funds entered into
on behalf of the Company by any Banking Officer or the Administrative Banking
Officers.

(viii) the Banking Officer is authorized to delegate this authority in writing to others.

2. BORROWING

The Board was also informed that from time to time, it becomes necessary for the
Company to establish borrowing and other relationships with various banking and
other institutions.

The Board considered the matter and, in order to facilitate such actions, unanimously

RESOLVED THAT:

(i) the Chief Financial Officer or the Treasurer, both of Motorola Solutions, Inc., the
Company's ultimate holding company (the “Borrowing Officers”) or any other
person designated in writing by any one of the foregoing persons, shall be

Motorola Solutions India Pvt. Ltd.

Regd Office: Motorola Excellence Center, 415/2, Mehraull Gurgaon Road, Sector-14, Gumaon 122 001 Haryana, INDIA
Rh: +91-124-419 2000 Fax: +91 -124-2304766 >^ST0r5>

CIN: U321O9HR1909PTCO34131
www.motorolasolutlon6.com

o

MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS

O motorola 'WAJ /

.CERTIFIED COPY.

authorized for, on behalf of and in the name of the Company, upon such terms
and conditions as to him shall seem proper:

(a) To borrow money and incur liabilities, to sell or discount the Company’s
bills, receivables and other instruments and rights, and to enter into,
make, sign and deliver repurchase, revolving credit, term loan,
guarantee, surety, interest rate, currency, and other similar agreements,
which agreements may contain covenants restricting the Company's
ability to take certain actions or requiring it to take certain actions, to
sign, execute and deliver acceptances and promissory notes and other
obligations of the Company, for such amounts, for such time, at such
rate of interest or discount, and containing such terms and provisions
and such collateral powers as to him or her shall seem proper; provided,
however, no authority is extended under this resolution for (i) (a)
amounts in excess of $500 million unless the Chief Financial Officer of
Motorola Solutions, Inc. or the Chief Executive Officer of Motorola
Solutions, Inc. has approved the actions and (b) amounts in excess of $1
billion unless the Chief Executive Officer of Motorola Solutions, Inc. has
approved the actions, (ii) long-term customer financing and (iii) in the
case of financial guarantees and financial surety agreements, the
Company must have a direct or indirect interest in the company or entity
for which the financial obligation is being made.

(b) To engage in transactions and enter into agreements involving derivative
instruments and forward agreements on debt instruments and foreign
exchange contracts and other similar instruments governing derivative
products, to procure letters of credit, travelers' checks, and similar
instruments, to incur liabilities in connection therewith and in
connection with the purchase, sale or negotiation of any bills of
exchange, letters of credit, and travelers' checks, acceptances, drafts,
bills of lading, and similar instruments, and to sign receipts and trust
receipts therefore, and to sign, execute, and deliver orders, applications,
and agreements in connection therewith which orders, applications, and
agreements may contain such provisions as to him or her shall seem
proper provided, however, no authority is extended under this
resolutions to purchase or sell stock or make equity investments.

(c) All funds borrowed by or to be credited to the Company shall be
deposited in or credited to a duly established account of the Company or
of any Motorola Solutions affiliated company only.

(ii) each of the Borrowing Officers may delegate in writing his authority hereunder to
any person, but such delegation shall not include the right to establish new
borrowing or line of credit facilities. The delegation hereunder may be upon such
terms and conditions or with such limitations, as he may deem proper. Similarly,
each of the Borrowing Officers may add or cancel persons who have been delegated

Motorola Solutions India Pvt. Ltd.

Regd Office: Motorola Excellence Center, 415/2, Mehraull Gurgaon Road, Sector-14, G
Ph: +91-124 -419 2000 Fax: +91 -124 -230 4766
CIN: U32109HR1969PTC034131

www.motorola8olutlon6.com iq

m 122001 Haryana, INDIA

M MOTOROLA SOLUTIONi

Q

MOTOROLA

ERTIRED TRUE COPY

such authority hereunder or may revise the terms and conditions of that delegation
at any time.

3. MISCELLANEOUS

The Board FURTHER RESOLVED THAT:

i) that any designation or authorization contemplated by these resolutions which
has been delivered to any institution, shall be in lull force and effect and binding
upon the Company until rescinded and written notice of such rescission has
been delivered to such banking institution.

ii) a copy of these resolutions and a notice certifying the names of each of the
individuals who are the Banking Officer, the Administrative Banking Officers and
the Borrowing Officers signed by either any Director of the Company and Wong
Wai Kit or by any 2 Directors of the Company be delivered to any banking
institution and that these shall remain in full force and effect and be binding
upon the Company until rescinded or amended and written notice of such
rescission or amendment has been delivered to such banking institution.
PROVIDED ALWAYS THAT any written notice of the rescission or amendment of
these resolutions delivered to any banking institution shall only be valid if it is
certified as true by either a Director of the Company and Wong Wai Kit or by any
2 Directors of the Company.

Certified true copy,

For Motorola Solutions India Private Limited

♦

£aaJV-LLv

Subodh Vardhan
Director

DIN: 03274983*

'

i

F

Motorola Solutions India Pvt. Ltd.

Regd Office: Motorola Excellence Center, 415/2, Mehrauli Gurgaon Road, Sector-14, Gurgaon 122 001 Haryana. INDIA
Ph: +91-124 -419 2000 Fax: +91 -124 -230 4766
CIN : U32109HR1969PTC034131
www.motorola80lutlons.com